In the last video we started up scaffold for the first time.
Just, you know, after building my images, I started to be prompted with some error messages, like
the ones you see right here, something that says Manifest Unknown.
Not entirely sure why this came up.
I solved it by just ending scaffold with control C and then starting up scaffold dev once again.
When I rebooted scaffold, all these error messages went away.
So you might want to try doing the same thing on your own as well.
After starting up scaffold a second time.
When they scroll down here a little bit.
I started to see some output from each of the different pods that are created.
So here is some output from client, from query.
Comments.
Moderation.
Event bus hosts and client.
Again, I think client was stirred up one time, got killed and then restarted again.
The nice thing about scaffold first, nice thing is that it's going to take all the logs coming out
of these pods and print them up easily read inside of our terminal.
That's kind of a nice thing.
We should still be able to access our application by trying to go to post.
So I should be able to refresh.
Yep.
Looks good.
Do you remember it that all of our data is stored in memory right now?
So every single time that we restart these different services, we essentially are dumping all of our
data.
We'll fix that up on our next project.
But right now, that's just the reality.
Now, in theory, we should be able to open up our code editor, go over to some sub project like let's
say client.
I'll open up the CRC folder then the JS file.
And then maybe I'll make a change to the H one right here.
So I'll put in create post with a bunch of exclamations.
I'll then save that file and then go back over to my terminal and see what happens.
So you'll notice that we got a little bit of output right here from scaffold.
It's saying, okay, it detected that one file has changed.
It took that file and threw it into our client pod.
The client pod then automatically saw that that file changed and it rebuilt our React application.
So I should be able to go back over to my browser now and see those exclamations like.
So now I do have a very important note here, something super critical for you to understand.
Our Recreate React app application is set up through all the Create React app magic and all that stuff.
Any time it sees a file change like Create React up in general, any time it sees a file change, it's
going to rebuild the React application and refresh your browser for you.
That is something that is built into Create React app.
In addition, all these different node services we put together, such as comments are all being executed
with node mod and node mod is a tool to restart your project any time it sees a change to a file inside
of a given directory.
So right now, all of our different pods, the containers inside them, are using tools that are going
to restart the given primary process whenever it sees a change to a file inside of that pod.
There's kind of like two levels of restarting or change detection here.
First off, if we make a change to one of these files right here, Scaffold is going to see that kick
in, take the updated file and throw it into a pod and then inside the pod or more specifically, inside
the container.
We are running very specific processes like Create, React App or node pod that are seeing changes to
the files inside of that container and then restarting the primary process of that container.
Long story short, if you start to write out some node applications or if you have some other kind of
front end application that does not use something like Node on something to automatically restart your
application.
If you just run this directly with Node, for example, then even if Scaffold throws an updated file
into your pod, it's not going to do you any good inside the pod.
You still have to have something that's going to see the updated file arrive in the pod and then restart
the primary process.
And we usually do that with Node with something like Node one or if you're using React, yeah, you
just use create React app or something similar.
So although this refresh stuff is very handy, you still have to make sure you take care of your part
of the deal.
Okay.
So let's try making maybe a change to one of these node services.
I'll open up Post's indexes.
Then maybe down here at the bottom.
Remember, we've got that old console log of 55.
Let's change it to version 1000.
How about I'll save that?
Flip back over to my terminal, and there's the 1000 right there.
The other thing I want to mention very briefly is that using a change detection or file change detection
inside of Docker containers traditionally has been a little bit finicky.
There are some file watchers, so stuff like Node Bond or Create React app where they will not always
detect changes to files inside of a Create React app or a Docker container.
So there will be scenarios where you start to change files and you don't see any output whatsoever from
scaffold.
You might see that scaffold says, Oh, I'm going to sync a file, but then you might not have anything
coming out of the pod that says like, Oh, I compiled successfully or I restarted the server or whatever
else.
That is a problem that we're probably going to have to deal with on this next application we build on.
And so I'll give you a couple more notes on that, on how to solve it.
I just want to throw it out there right now that if you ever feel like you're making changes but they're
not being reflected, it's probably tied to the fact that we sometimes have challenges detecting file
changes inside of containers.
All right.
So those are just a couple of caveats I want to throw out there really quickly.
But without a doubt, we can run our application.
We can make changes to it.
We don't have to rebuild the image, update, the deployment or any of that stuff manually.
So now any time that we want to say go work on another project or something, we are just going to stop
scaffold.
We're going to stop scaffold by hitting control, see?
As soon as I do so.
As I mentioned, Scaffold is going to take a look at all those different config files that we point
it to.
It's going to delete all the objects associated with them.
So now if I do a little get pods, we're going to have no pods found.
We could do a get deployments.
Services.
And we only have the default Kubernetes service right there.
So this is fantastic for stopping all that stuff running when you don't want to use it anymore.
And naturally, if we ever want to start development again, a simple scaffold dev and we are good to
go.
All right.
Well, this is a fantastic little tool that we're definitely going to use on our next big application.
Well, at this point, I think we're all done with this first app.
I don't have a lot of other things to tell you about it.
So we're going to start to take a pause right here.
We're going to come back the next video.
We're going to start to reflect on some of the really big lessons learned around this application.
We're going to start to take a look at the next app that we're going to put together.
So quick pass and I'll see you in just a minute.